The DBToaster technology is protected by pending US and international patents.

The DBToaster software is provided free of charge for evaluation, teaching, 
learning, and research purposes. If you would like to use DBToaster in any 
other form, contact us at

dbtoaster@epfl.ch

Redistribution with or without modification is prohibited unless explicit 
permission is granted by the copyright holders.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

You are invited to perform and report on benchmark results and experimental 
comparisons of your system against DBToaster, but we ask you for fairness and 
to run DBToaster with settings that allow it to perform at its best. 
Specifically, the DBToaster interpreter is provided for your convenience and 
is not to be used for timing purposes. For the purpose of comparison with 
other data management systems, please use the C++ rather than the Scala 
backend. Please contact us if you have questions about how to optimize the 
performance of DBToaster.